buying on mtv.it is easy and never
fast
just a few clicks and it is not necessary
the registration
first connect to the page
www.my mtv.it never mtv.it is a site
light and fast you can see i
featured products and a list of
categories to reach in a few clicks
all you need at the top a
right find the phone number for
receive assistance at any time
below is the link to ask us
custom offers to request
material not yet present in ours
site or to request other information
clicking on the item and components for
mtb you can access the entire list of
components divided into categories
identify the category
just click on the icon for each
category ever mtb makes available
lots of information about the products
available are visible in the boxes
above by clicking on the boxes is
You can see the product in
details and access to an accurate one
product description never mtv.it
ships with tnt for all purchases
over 250 euros
shipping is free for purchases
lower shipping costs are of
9 euros
we remember that for payment in
additional mark required
fixed contribution of 10 euros
once you have chosen your product
click the add in button
cart you will be informed that yours
cart an article has been added ed
a blue bar will appear at the top for
conclude the purchase to reach a
other product in the order bastad a
return to the components page
choose the category that interests us
and browse through available products
some products are available in
different configurations the configuration
favorite you can choose
in the drop-down menu above the button
cart based on the configuration the
price may change to reach the
your purchase
just click the add to button
cart is difficult to make mistakes
mai mtb staff makes available
all the useful information to find the
configuration we are looking for
to conclude the purchase is sufficient
Click on the blue bar at the top
at this point we will all have an eye on them
the products the quantities and entered in the
our cart if you don't want to
buying a product will be enough
Click the delete button after
updated the cart can be concluded
purchase by clicking on the button
right
at this point it is necessary to insert
all data useful for shipping
including your email address which
you will need it to monitor the status
order in case you want to receive
the goods with invoice will be sufficient
enter the VAT number or code
tax in the appropriate spaces if
the shipping address is the same as
the billing one will just click
on the only page flag to be able to
be contacted by the courier for the
delivery of the goods or to be
contacted by our staff
in case of need you can leave the
your phone number be careful
case of cash on delivery
the phone number is mandatory
on the last page you can see the
summary of your order with
purchased products
the quantity and shipping costs
in case of cash on delivery it is
remember that they will be charged to the
13 euros on delivery of the gear is
You can choose different ways of
payment for those who prefer the bank transfer
remember to take note of the
bank details on which to make the
payment write them and have them
on hand can be very useful for
make your purchase faster
for those who want to, there is also the
payment via Postepay top-up
also in this case it is a good rule
copy and hold the
coordinates for recharging the owners
of paypal can proceed with the purchase
providing all standard information
what paypal and requires in case of
purchase all products with paypal
will be shipped immediately or inside
24 hours from order
once the form of is selected
preferred payment just click on
continue to complete the order
at this point the purchase is completed
and your order has already been
forwarded to the staff of mai mtv.it for
its preparation to be able to
check your order
you will have to check your mail
electronic if this is your first
purchase on ever mtv.it
you will receive two e-mails with the first email
you will have the opportunity to create the
your new password
useful for logging into our site
check the status of your order e
monitor all orders placed
in the second email
you will receive confirmation of your order
and all the information you could
need to be able to view the
your order on our site
just remember to create the password
after the first purchase
have fun with ever mtv.it